I'm a little scattered at the moment. I'm going to take some time this morning to do a bit of journaling to get my head a little clearer. 

# Mind Dump 

- Deep Life Buckets
	- I am still interested in applying Cal Newport's Deep Life Buckets to my life. Contemplation is something I feel I'm lacking. I need to review this approach to living a deep life and consider what things in my life are getting in the way. 
		- Do I want to make space for low value hobbies like PUBG? Do video games serve a positive role in my life?
		- How much time and attention should I give to something like MTG over chess where there is more skill involved. MTG can be really expensive and economically driven. 
		- sometimes I feel like MTG can lead to burnout. The hobby can take up a lot of mental space and the cost of building new decks also feels like you're always constrained to what your budget will allow. 
- Art and Creativity 
	- Tattoo potfolio isn't coming along fast enough. 
	- I am struggling to stay on task with my paid work because I want to work on the tattoo portfolio. 
	- Illustration X portfolio isn't coming together quick enough. I still have so much work to do on this. 
	- I'm not getting along to life drawing because I'm not on top of my work. 
- Fitness and Diet 
	- Struggling to make time and unsure of what to do with my fitness. 
	- My diet is still not dialed in. I need to be really clear on my approach but grocery day keeps rolling around and I just fall back on my goto meals regardless of whether they fit into any sort of diet plan. 
- Cost of Living and Finances 
	- We're living paycheck to paycheck the moment. 
	- It feels like we could be automating a lot of our expenses. 
	- We're still bot being as careful with our money as we could be. 
- Lifestyle and happiness 
	- Home maintenance and chores 
	- Friendships 
	- Finances
	- Family planning
- Reading and Contemplation
	- I haven't been making time to read and write. 
	- I don't have a dedicated space for this and I'm always having to work around Sophie in the evenings. 
	- I tend to prioritise other activities like gaming or social media. I need to remove these low value activities if I wanna make time for reading. 
	- I don't really want to read digital books anymore. The act of reading feels like it needs to be an escape from technology. I don't need any more charging cables. 
	- I want to start working through the books on my shelf. I should be deciding which books I want to keep and which to discard. I need to make an attempt to read them so that I can decide which books I enjoy and removing those books I don't enjoy from my collection. 
- Note taking and writing
	-  I still don't have a clear process for capturing and exploring my thoughts. I would love to write more but I don't have a good process for that. I like the Zettlekasten approach but I want something that is a bit more organic and intuitive and leads to the outputs that I want out of such a practice.
	- I started working on some memiors which has been an interesting exercise. 